In this video we'll fix the syntax highlight issue when
the load more answer button being hit. And sometimes
it occur to some answers when the page firstly loaded.
Here after reload the syntax highlight is come back
and I don't know exactly why. But to fix these issues
is very easy because actually we
only need to fix both in one place.
So if we open our browser console then hit the Network tab
reload the page
here after the page first loaded we
made ajax call to retrieve all answers.
And when we hit this load more answers
we make almost the same
AJAX call.
So let's switch over to our editor
here I'll run npm run watch
then here in answers component
let's find the button
here on click event we call fetch method.
Now if you go to the script section
and here in created hook we also call the fetch method.
So let's jump to fetch method.
Now remember that vue js performs
DOM updates asynchronously.
So here we need to call the highlight method after
vue js finished updating the DOM. In the previous
video
we've utilized the vue js next tick method.
But in this case we can simply chain in the then method like this
and pass in an arrow function. In here we simply
get back the answers from AJAX request loop
each one of them and call the highlight
method for every single answer.
So to do that here I'm going to call this dot answer ids.
This array will hold all ids of answers that we get
back from AJAX request. We will define the variable
shortly.
And after that we can loop each id by
utilizing javascript for each method
and pass in an arrow function which accepts id as argument
this arrow function will be called in each loop.
Here we can highlight an element which
has id answer followed by answer id
Now let's jump to data method
and here
let's define the answer ids array
back to fetch method. Here before we make
AJAX call let's reset the answer ids array to make
sure that every time we'll make AJAX
call we don't have duplicate answer ids
then here when AJAX call succeed before the highlight
method being called let's collect all ids of our
answers by utilizing javascript map method
and assign them to answer ids array.
All right
let's save all changes
reload the page
okay the syntax highlight is still working.
Let's hit the load more answers
button
great
the syntax highlight also working here.
All right
I think that's enough
we finished our lessons in this section.
Let's commit our changes to our git repo and
merge everything into our master branch